involvement in NBA to the NBA 2k
franchise NBA a few K 11 we brought back
Michael Jordan it's been such a huge
metamorphosis for this franchise we've
really just blown up in the last couple
years
and a lot of it is paid to Michael
Jordan and his contributions to the
franchise so let's get into let's get
into Michael now he has five signature
skills thankfully he is you know the
best basketball player of all time it's
my signature or shot crater a player
with a skill hits shots at higher
percentage than most if he creates space
for a shot this is one that Kevin Durant
had and it's it's the first one and then
lockdown defender I'm not sure if we've
shown this one before but this was sort
of speaks for herself Michael Jordan
among his many prowess was one of the
best perimeter defenders in the NBA
locked our defender is a top-notch
perimeter defender who automatically
neutralizes most offensive signature
skills of the player he's actively
guarding this is a very important
signature of skill you can utilize
basically anybody that you're guarding
if you have this Acrobat this is one
that Derrick Rose also had and it's a
player who can change his shot in the
air without severely reducing his chance
of making the shot it's that one that
looks like a pole vault of the third one
fourth is finisher this player is adept
of finishing contact layups and dunks at
a higher rate than others he can get to
the rack without with reckless abandon
he's gonna get there he's gonna score
and then finally closer probably one of
the biggest causes of all-time
it's Michael Jordan that fourth-quarter
icon is this player who raises this game
in clutch moments I think my favorite
moment of the about that was the flu
game when he completely took over even
though you had the flu in the fourth
quarter and hit that knee bum knee
buckling shot that I'm sure onbaa fans
remember so you know the three cover
athletes and now Michael Jordan have
been revealed on signature skills
tomorrow